DEV: add new vector set data type and command pages (#1334)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/vector-sets/memory.md

---
categories:
- docs
- develop
- stack
- rs
- rc
- oss
- kubernetes
- clients
description: Learn how to optimize memory consumption in Redis vector sets
linkTitle: Memory optimization
title: Memory optimization
weight: 25
---

## Overview

> Redis vector sets are efficient, but vector similarity indexing and graph traversal come with memory tradeoffs. This guide helps you manage memory use through quantization, graph tuning, and attribute choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis vector sets are efficient, but vector similarity indexing and graph traversal require memory tradeoffs. This guide helps you manage memory use through quantization, graph tuning, and attribute choices.
```
